DOC Rename FormField method (#670)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/08_Changelogs/6.0.0.md

- `SilverStripe\ORM\DataExtension`, `SilverStripe\CMS\Model\SiteTreeExtension`, and `SilverStripe\Admin\LeftAndMainExtension` have been removed. If you subclass any of these classes, you must now subclass [`Extension`](api:SilverStripe\Core\Extension) directly instead.
- [`DBCurrency`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\FieldType\DBCurrency) will no longer parse numeric values contained in a string when calling `setValue()`. For instance "this is 50.29 dollars" will no longer be converted to "$50.29", instead its value will remain as "this is 50.29 dollars" and it will throw a validation exception if attempted to be written to the database.
- The `SilverStripe\Model\List\ArrayList.default_case_sensitive` configuration property has been removed. This means the default case sensitivity of `ArrayList` is now the same as any other list which uses search filters. If you were using that configuration property, or you were relying on `ArrayList` being case sensitive by default, you should double check that your list filters are working the way you expect. See [search filters](/developer_guides/model/searchfilters/#modifiers) for details about case sensitivity in search filters.

> - `SilverStripe\Forms\FormField::Value()` has been split into to [`FormField::getValue()`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormField::getValue()) which usually returns an unmodified version of the field, and [`FormField::getFormattedValue()`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormField::getFormattedValue()) which is intended to be modified with things like localisation formatting. If you have overridden the `Value()` method in a subclass, you will need to update the method name, usuall to `getFormattedValue()`. If you have use `$Value` in a template to get the value of a form field, you will also need to update it to `$FormattedValue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SilverStripe\Forms\FormField::Value()` has been split into to [`FormField::getValue()`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormField::getValue()) which usually returns an unmodified version of the value, and [`FormField::getFormattedValue()`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\FormField::getFormattedValue()) which is intended to be modified with things like localisation formatting and will be displayed to users. If you have overridden the `Value()` method in a subclass, you will need to update the method name to one of these, depending on the purpose of the custom functionality. If you use `$Value` in a template to get the value of a form field, you will need to update it to `$FormattedValue`.
```

This feels like it probably deserves its own section (I'd guess it's a fairly high-traffic method, and this is a fairly substantial amount of information) - but I won't block merging if you think it should stay here as a footnote.

Author: Updated and moved to its own section
